Know how to use Map, set, weakmap, weakset and all built in data structures
know their methods and API well
know their performance characteristics and when to use each

Understand DOM tree well and manipulating it, what it represents, etc.
memorize common DOM api functions and methods



Leetcode - First bad version

Common binary tree problems (go through leetcode for this)

be comfortable with tree traversal, iterative and recursive

Binary search
Array flatten. iterative and recursive
implement promise from scratch
implement all array methods from scratch. iterative and recursive
implement event emitter
implement observable
- Implement a throttle and/or debounce function.

Given 2 identical (but not equal) DOM trees and one element of the first DOM tree, 
how would you find this element in the second DOM tree?

Implement a square root function.

write even emitter from scratch
glassdoor question optimization question

You are given an array of N elements in the form "property1: value1; property2: value2;...;propertyX: valueX;" 
for some some N and any X. There is also another array of M elements of the form "property: value".
 You are supposed to write an algorithm to remove every element in the N length array that has a 
 "property: value" pair in the M length array.
The trick is that the most intuitive solution of iterating through the M array and
 filtering the N array at each element is already written. You must come up with a solution
  that solves the problem in less than O(NM) time

GCD algorithm

Career cup

what are other classical coding questions that first - third years should know ?

How many times would `addEventListener('scroll ', handleScroll);` run as the user looks at their News Feed? 
And what would be user experience if the `handleScroll` function takes 100ms to execute.

Understand the answer to this on glassdoor

Related to question 1, how could you implement debouncing ? Say you wanted the `handleScroll` function to be called only after 200ms has passed between scroll events.
AnswerAdd Tags (Read up answer on glassdoor)

Behavioral and discussing past experience?